---

title: 'JSConf Budapest'
author: Pawan
layout: blog-post
comments: true

---

Hey Everyone!

The Hoodies (Jan, Lena, Nick, Nolan) were just at JSCon   Budapest this week! It was an exciting event with lots of cool stuff happening!

# JSConf  Budapest

Situated in Budapest, this year's JavaScript conference showcased plenty of workshops and engaging speakers.
Budapest is a city located on the Danube river. The capital consists of two cities, Buda and Pest. Budapest has been
reported as one of the best places to visit in Europe. As such it makes for a perfect place to  hold the JS conference.

#Follow JSconBP on twitter!
https://twitter.com/jsconfbp

#Pictures
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zWEU8kNKi3Q/mqdefault.jpg
https://codechannels.azureedge.net/media/2016/06/safia-abdalla-the-hitchhikers-gu-360x202.jpg
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/PTgqSpclwvE/hqdefault.jpg
http://jotaen.net/assets/2016/budapest-skyline-full.jpg


#Youtube
Visit the official JS Con BP youtube page!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzoVCacndDCfGDf41P-z0iA

#Quotes
Nolan Lawson:
I had a blast. My workshop on Progressive Web Apps drew a nice little crowd (~30 people),
who were all eager to learn about how to make offline web apps with modern web tools. In the course of the 6-hour workshop,
we built a small offline Star Wars app (here's the finished product), and afterwards we went out for drinks and mingled with other speakers and organizers.
I found the pre-conference workshop to be a great way for speakers to get to know the local developer community. Flaki, Mozilla, and all the organizers did a
fantastic job running the event, and really took care of their speakers and workshoppers. (I felt like royalty when they picked me up at the airport!)
The venue itself was hip and relaxed, and people stayed late into the evening for the drinks, atmosphere, and sparkling post-conf conversation.

Oh yeah, and the speakers (that's what we were all there to see, right? 😉) were phenomenal! All in all, a great conference and highly recommended
Hope you enjoyed the read! Don't forget to giv e a shout out to our Hoodie  members who did a
fantastic job at the conference!

Tim Holman:
Things that I like about my profession about development specifically is that it's kind of constantly evolving and it's moving really really fast i think
compared to other things.

Tim Pietrusky:
I love my job because I can do everything I have in my past and create stuff that other people can see because you only need the problem.

Princiya Sequiera:
I like javascript so anything that has to do a job that immediately excites me.

Laurie Voss:
There's no right way to do things.I think a note in particular people keep inventing new ways of doing stuff and everybody goes out
we could be doing it that way we could be doing it this way nobody's really sure like what's the best way and that's my favorite thing about
it is it's still constantly changing.

Maurice De Beijer:
I really love developing so far and helping other I'm also in the structure and I love combining the two wear a pencil
experience you can go to people and explain stuff that really works at a community.

Nick Hehr:
I mean as i talked about in my talk ways i love the community is why I stick with the web and white stuff with continuing to push it forward
because i think it's really inclusive and really easy and approachable to get started with an occasion to bring in more people from different disciplines.
